AWS CLOUD PRACTISIONER ESSENTIALS

MODULE 1 QUESTIONS

1)What is cloud computing?

Backing up files that are stored on desktop and mobile devices to prevent data loss

Deploying applications connected to on-premises infrastructure

Running code without needing to manage or provision servers

On-demand delivery of IT resources and applications through the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing

ANS:D
2)What is another name for on-premises deployment?

Private cloud deployment

Cloud-based application

Hybrid deployment

AWS Cloud

ANS:A
3)How does the scale of cloud computing help you to save costs?

You do not have to invest in technology resources before using them.

The aggregated cloud usage from a large number of customers results in lower pay-as-you-go prices.

Accessing services on-demand helps to prevent excess or limited capacity.

You can quickly deploy applications to customers and provide them with low latency.
ANS:B

MODULE 2 QUESTIONS
1)You want to use an Amazon EC2 instance for a batch processing workload. What would be the best Amazon EC2 instance type to use?

General purpose

Memory optimized

Compute optimized

Storage optimized
ANS:C
2)What are the contract length options for Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances? (Select TWO.)

1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

5 years
ANS:A,C
3)You have a workload that will run for a total of 6 months and can withstand interruptions. What would be the most cost-efficient Amazon EC2 purchasing option?

Reserved Instance

Spot Instance

Dedicated Instance

On-Demand Instance
ANS:B
4)Which process is an example of Elastic Load Balancing?

Ensuring that no single Amazon EC2 instance has to carry the full workload on its own

Removing unneeded Amazon EC2 instances when demand is low

Adding a second Amazon EC2 instance during an online store’s popular sale

Automatically adjusting the number of Amazon EC2 instances to meet demand
ANS:A
5)You want to deploy and manage containerized applications. Which service should you use?

AWS Lambda

Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
ANS:D