MODULE 3 
 GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND RELIABILITY
To understand the AWS global infrastructure, consider the coffee shop. If an event such as a parade, flood, or power outage impacts one location, 
customers can still get their coffee by visiting a different location only a few blocks away.

AWS global infrastructure

SELECTING A REGION
When determining the right Region for your services, data, and applications, consider the following four business factors. 

Availability Zones

An Availability Zone is a single data center or a group of data centers within a Region. Availability Zones are located tens of miles apart from each other.
 This is close enough to have low latency (the time between when content requested and received) between Availability Zones.
 However, if a disaster occurs in one part of the Region, they are distant enough to reduce the chance that multiple Availability Zones are affected.

Edge locations

An edge location is a site that Amazon CloudFront uses to store cached copies of your content closer to your customers for faster delivery.

How to provision AWS resources

AWS Management Console

The AWS Management Console is a web-based interface for accessing and managing AWS services. You can quickly access recently used services and search for other services by name, keyword, or acronym. 
The console includes wizards and automated workflows that can simplify the process of completing tasks.
You can also use the AWS Console mobile application to perform tasks such as monitoring resources, viewing alarms, 
and accessing billing information. Multiple identities can stay logged into the AWS Console mobile app at the same time.

AWS Elastic Beanstalk

With AWS Elastic Beanstalk, you provide code and configuration settings, and Elastic Beanstalk deploys the resources necessary to perform the following tasks:

Adjust capacity
Load balancing
Automatic scaling
Application health monitoring
AWS CloudFormation

With AWS CloudFormation, you can treat your infrastructure as code. This means that you can build an environment by writing lines of code instead of using the AWS Management Console
 to individually provision resources.
AWS CloudFormation provisions your resources in a safe, repeatable manner, enabling you to frequently build your infrastructure and
 applications without having to perform manual actions. It determines the right operations to perform when managing your stack and rolls back changes
 automatically if it detects errors.
MODULE 3 QUESTIONS
Which statement is TRUE for the AWS global infrastructure?

A Region consists of a single Availability Zone.

An Availability Zone consists of two or more Regions.

A Region consists of two or more Availability Zones.

An Availability Zone consists of a single Region.
ANS:C

Which factors should be considered when selecting a Region? (Select TWO.)

Compliance with data governance and legal requirements

Proximity to your customers

Access to 24/7 technical support

Ability to assign custom permissions to different users

Access to the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
ANS:A,B

Which statement best describes Amazon CloudFront?

A service that enables you to run infrastructure in a hybrid cloud approach

A serverless compute engine for containers

A service that enables you to send and receive messages between software components through a queue

A global content delivery service
ANS:D

Which site does Amazon CloudFront use to cache copies of content for faster delivery to users at any location?

Region

Availability Zone

Edge location

Origin
ANS:C

Which action can you perform with AWS Outposts?

Automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts.

Access wizards and automated workflows to perform tasks in AWS services.

Develop AWS applications in supported programming languages.

Extend AWS infrastructure and services to your on-premises data center.

ANS:D

MODULE 4 
NETWORKING

CONNECTING TO AWS

A networking service that you can use to establish boundaries around your AWS resources is Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC).
Amazon VPC enables you to provision an isolated section of the AWS Cloud. In this isolated section, 
you can launch resources in a virtual network that you define.
 Within a virtual private cloud (VPC), you can organize your resources into subnets.
 A subnet is a section of a VPC that can contain resources such as Amazon EC2 instances.

Internet gateway

To allow public traffic from the internet to access your VPC, you attach an internet gateway to the VPC.
An internet gateway is a connection between a VPC and the internet. You can think of an internet gateway as
 being similar to a doorway that customers use to enter the coffee shop. Without an internet gateway, no one can access the resources within your VPC.

Subnets and network access control lists
A subnet is a section of a VPC in which you can group resources based on security or operational needs. Subnets can be public or private. 
Public subnets contain resources that need to be accessible by the public, such as an online store’s website.
Private subnets contain resources that should be accessible only through your private network, such as a database that contains customers’ 
personal information and order histories. 
In a VPC, subnets can communicate with each other. For example, you might have an application that involves Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet communicating 
with databases that are located in a private subnet.
Network traffic in a VPC

When a customer requests data from an application hosted in the AWS Cloud, this request is sent as a packet. A packet is a unit of data sent over the internet or a network. 

It enters into a VPC through an internet gateway. Before a packet can enter into a subnet or exit from a subnet, it checks for permissions. These permissions indicate who sent the packet and how the packet is trying to communicate with the resources in a subnet.

The VPC component that checks packet permissions for subnets is a network access control list (ACL).

Global networking
Domain Name System (DNS)

Suppose that AnyCompany has a website hosted in the AWS Cloud. Customers enter the web address into their browser, and they are able to access the website. This happens because of Domain Name System (DNS) resolution. DNS resolution involves a customer DNS resolver communicating with a company DNS server.

You can think of DNS as being the phone book of the internet. DNS resolution is the process of translating a domain name to an IP address. 

Amazon Route 53

Amazon Route 53 is a DNS web service. It gives developers and businesses a reliable way to route end users to internet applications hosted in AWS. 

Amazon Route 53 connects user requests to infrastructure running in AWS (such as Amazon EC2 instances and load balancers). It can route users to infrastructure outside of AWS.

MODULE 4 QUESTIONS

1)Your company has an application that uses Amazon EC2 instances to run the customer-facing website and Amazon RDS database instances to store customers’ personal information. How should the developer configure the VPC according to best practices?

Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet and the Amazon RDS database instances in a public subnet.

Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet and the Amazon RDS database instances in a private subnet.

Place the Amazon EC2 instances and the Amazon RDS database instances in a public subnet.

Place the Amazon EC2 instances and the Amazon RDS database instances in a private subnet.
ANS:B
2)Which component or service can be used to establish a private dedicated connection between your company’s data center and AWS?

Private subnet

DNS

AWS Direct Connect

Amazon CloudFronnt
ANS:C
3)Which statement best describes security groups?

They are stateful and deny all inbound traffic by default.

They are stateful and allow all inbound traffic by default.

They are stateless and deny all inbound traffic by default.

They are stateless and allow all inbound traffic by defauly/.

ANS:A
4)Which component is used to connect a VPC to the internet?

Public subnet

Edge location

Security group

Internet gateway
AND:D

5)Which service is used to manage the DNS records for domain names?

Amazon Virtual Private Cloud

AWS Direct Connect

Amazon CloudFront

Amazon Route 53
ANS:D


















































