MODULE 2 COMPUTE IN THE CLOUD

AMAZON EC2 INSTANCE TYPES
Amazon instances types are optimized for different tasks. When selecting an instance type, consider the specific needs of your workloads and applications. 
This might include requirements for compute, memory, or storage capabilities.

Amazon EC2 pricing

With Amazon EC2, you pay only for the compute time that you use. Amazon EC2 offers a variety of pricing options for different use cases. 
For example, if your use case can withstand interruptions, you can save with Spot Instances. You can also save by committing early and locking in a minimum level of use with Reserved Instances.

Scaling amazon EC2

Scalability involves beginning with only the resources you need and designing your architecture to automatically respond to changing demand by scaling out or in. 
As a result, you pay for only the resources you use. You don’t have to worry about a lack of computing capacity to meet your customers’ needs.
If you wanted the scaling process to happen automatically, which AWS service would you use? The AWS service that provides this functionality for Amazon EC2 instances is Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
If you’ve tried to access a website that wouldn’t load and frequently timed out, the website might have received more requests than it was able to handle.
 This situation is similar to waiting in a long line at a coffee shop, when there is only one barista present to take orders from customers.

Directing traffic with Elastic Load Balancing
Elastic Load Balancing
Elastic Load Balancing is the AWS service that automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances. 
A load balancer acts as a single point of contact for all incoming web traffic to your Auto Scaling group. 
This means that as you add or remove Amazon EC2 instances in response to the amount of incoming traffic, these requests route to the load balancer first.
 Then, the requests spread across multiple resources that will handle them.
 For example, if you have multiple Amazon EC2 instances, Elastic Load Balancing distributes the workload 
across the multiple instances so that no single instance has to carry the bulk of it. 

Messaging and queuing

Monolithic applications and microservices
Applications are made of multiple components. The components communicate with each other to transmit data, fulfill requests, and keep the application running. 
Suppose that you have an application with tightly coupled components. 
These components might include databases, servers, the user interface, business logic, and so on. This type of architecture can be considered a monolithic application.

MODULE 2 QUESTIONS

1)You want to use an Amazon EC2 instance for a batch processing workload. What would be the best Amazon EC2 instance type to use?

General purpose

Memory optimized

Compute optimized

Storage optimized 
ANS:C
2)What are the contract length options for Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances? (Select TWO.)

1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

5 years
ANS:A,C

3)You have a workload that will run for a total of 6 months and can withstand interruptions. What would be the most cost-efficient Amazon EC2 purchasing option?

Reserved Instance

Spot Instance

Dedicated Instance

On-Demand Instance
ANS:B

4)Which process is an example of Elastic Load Balancing?

Ensuring that no single Amazon EC2 instance has to carry the full workload on its own

Removing unneeded Amazon EC2 instances when demand is low

Adding a second Amazon EC2 instance during an online store’s popular sale

Automatically adjusting the number of Amazon EC2 instances to meet demand
ANS:A

5)You want to deploy and manage containerized applications. Which service should you use?

AWS Lambda

Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
ANS:D

